---
layout: post
title: Beaten up by girls
category: 
tags: []
---


Well I just had my first sparing class. It was fun, made a mistake and
let my instructor use my palms as a punching board. I now have a little
bruise right below my left index finger. after I noticed my wounds (heh)
I put on gloves. (((I don’t know how to attack))) this can be a problem
when getting in front of the class and sparing with your teacher. I
think I did ok. the work out was hard today. I got off early and headed
over at about 5:05. We ran about 2 miles (from on I am going to carry my
running shoes in my truck kungfu shoes suck at support), then stretched
for about 15 mins, We then split in to the 3 classes, new, middle, old.
I am a “new” student. Now most of the “new” students are between the
ages of 4-7, this can be a pain when I am trying to learn the forms. Ok
so we start doing the 18 warm ups, and then I get to lead part of the
class in Wubu tran it was fun. Then we did Chahou tran and Lium wha
tran. I know I am butchering those but I will get the spelling later. We
finish with Mabu for about 80 and situps/pushups/ leaps and leg lifts.
That was the first class then I was planning on watching the sparing
class ffor a while and then head out. but Shi De Shan saw that i was
hanging about and asked me to join the class. It was pretty cool. more
of a boxing class than kungfu. I still don’t know how to kick well, so
it was mostly me going back to my boxing training i did years ago. I
mostly just blocked and threw a few punches. Heh I did a Movie move. the
throw a distraction punch to the far left and follow with a quick right
to the head.
