---
layout: post
title: "CP2k6"
category: 
tags: []
---

Child’s play is a great charity, run by the folks over at Penny
Arcade, which has put toys directly into the hands of hospitalized
kids around the world for 4 years running. They currently have 38
different hospitals from which to choose, or you can just donate
directly via paypal. I am by default a un-trusting person when it comes
to handing out moneys, but I don’t have those reservations regarding
Child’s Play. I have been donated toys for the past 4 years, and this
year I am trying to get everyone I know to donate as well, not just
gamers. So please if you happen to read this stop on by the site and and
pick out a toy or two.

Here is a great quote that better describes the whole Charity:

"Q: What is Child’s Play? A: Child’s Play is a Seattle based, gamer-run
organization that holds an annual toy drive for childrens’ hospitals.
Many of the gifts donated by gamers are, as you might imagine, age
appropriate videogames and gaming systems - but they are by no means the
only things donated. We received eager donations of coloring books, art
supplies, crafts, movies, cartoons, virtually anything a young person
could ask for. We asked the world-wide community of gamers, and they
gave so much we had to move to larger storage facilities three separate
times.

Our 2005 event raised over six hundred thousand dollars in toys and cash
for twenty children’s hospitals around the US and the world, putting the
community’s total contribution level well over the one million dollar
mark. This year, we’ve expanded Child’s Play once more, including our
first hospitals in Australia and Africa.

Q: How does Child’s Play work? A: We have partnered with Amazon.com and
DStore.com.au, which hosts a series of “Wish Lists” stocked with toys
the hospitals have requested, as well as age appropriate videogames and
game systems selected by Child’s Play. Simply choose the hospital
nearest you from our interactive map at and the toys you purchase will be
delivered directly. We also accept cash donations via Paypal to
childsplaycharity@penny-arcade.com, which will be split evenly among the
hospitals in this year’s drive. There are no “administrative fees” or
other hidden costs associated with giving to Child’s Play – every cent
is passed on.

"

I could not have stated it better, the key sentence for me was the last…
“There are no “administrative fees” or other hidden costs associated
with giving to Child’s Play – every cent is passed on." How cool is
that!

Have a great Holiday Season.

